WIP: Feature/en/ jssdk4] introduction to display rules (#159)
MapsIndoors/mapsindoors.github.io: collections/_web/v4/guides/display_rules_intro.md

---
title: Introduction to Display Rules.
parent: guides
nav_weight: 300
published: true
date: 2019-11-04
---

## Overview

> In this, you will be introduced to the concept of Display Rules and learn how you can use Display Rules to change how POIs look on the map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this, you will be introduced to the concept of Display Rules and learn how you can use Display Rules to change how POIs are displayed on the map.
```

> It's possible to apply Display Rules to all POIs of a specific type like `Meeting Rooms` or a single POI using its id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to apply Display Rules to a single POI using its ID, or to all POIs of a specific type such as 'Meeting Rooms'.
```

> You control the default appearance of types and POIs through the MapsIndoors CMS. The Display Rules enable you to change the default appearance dynamically at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MapsIndoors CMS is used to control the default appearance of types and POIs. To change the default appearance dynamically at runtime you can use Display Rules.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The MapsIndoors CMS is used to control the default appearance of types and POIs. To change the default appearance at runtime you can use Display Rules.
```

> It's possible to control different aspects of the appearances like at what zoom levels labels and icons should be visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to control different aspects of the appearance. For example at what zoom levels labels and icons should be visible.
```

A Display Rule could looks like this:

```javascript
{
  "displayRule": {
    "icon": "https://app.mapsindoors.com/mapsindoors/cms/assets/icons/building-icons/cafe.png",
    "iconVisible": true,
    "imageScale": 1,
    "imageSize": { width: 24, height: 24},
    "label": "{{ "{{ name " }}}}",
    "labelVisible": true,
    "labelZoomFrom": 15 ,
    "labelZoomTo": 21,
    "visible": true,
    "zoomFrom": 17,
    "zoomTo": 21,
}
```

-   `icon` - A URL to an image to represent the POI on the map.
-   `iconVisible` - Controls the visibility of the icon.

> -   `imageScale` - ????

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `imageScale` - Defines the size of the image/icon. 1 equals a scale of 1:1, 2 equals a doubling, 3..???
```

Author: Has been merged with https://github.com/MapsIndoors/mapsindoors.github.io/pull/155/files

-   `imageSize` - Specifies the size that the image will appear on the map.
-   `label` - Descriptive text for the POI. This can either be a static text or a dynamic text, retrieved from a property on the POI. E.g. `"{{ "{{ name " }}}}"` or a combination `"Room: {{ "{{ name " }}}}"`.
-   `labelVisible` - Controls the visibility of the label.
-   `labelZoomFrom` - The minimum zoom level the label will be visible on the map.
-   `labelZoomTo` - The maximum zoom level the label will be visible on the map.
-   `visible` - Controls the overall visibility of the POI on the map. If false both the label and icon will not be displayed.
-   `zoomFrom` - The minimum zoom level the image/icon will be visible on the map.
-   `zoomTo` - The maximum zoom level the image/icon will be visible on the map.

> This enables you to do things like change an icon at a specific zoom level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables you to do things like changing an icon at a specific zoom level.
```

> It's also possible to highlight POIs when a user clicks on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to highlight POIs when a user clicks on it.
```

---
title: Introduction to Display Rules.
parent: guides
nav_weight: 300
published: true
date: 2019-11-04
---

## Overview

> In this, you will be introduced to the concept of Display Rules and learn how you can use Display Rules to change how POIs are displayed on the map.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this guide you will be introduced to the concept of Display Rules and learn how you can use Display Rules to change how POIs are displayed on the map.
```

> It is possible to apply Display Rules to a single POI using its ID, or to all POIs of a specific type such as 'Meeting Rooms'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

It is possible to apply Display Rules to a single POI using its ID, or to all POIs of a specific Location Type such as 'Meeting Rooms'.
```

The linter is unhappy when two paragraphs don't have an empty line between them 🙂

> The MapsIndoors CMS is used to control the default appearance of types and POIs. To change the default appearance at runtime you can use Display Rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The MapsIndoors CMS is used to control the default appearance of Rooms and POIs. To change the default appearance at runtime you can use Display Rules.
```

Author: Until we implement areas in the SDK I would like to keep rooms out of this. Anders and I will talk about how the interface for styling polygons on the map with display rules should be. If we add rooms now we can't change the interface afterward.

Reviewer 2: Got it 🤝

> It's possible to control different aspects of the appearance. For example at what zoom levels labels and icons should be visible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's possible to control different aspects of the appearance. For example at what zoom levels Labels and Icons should be visible.
```

> A Display Rule could looks like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Display Rule could look like this:
```

| labelZoomTo   | number  | The maximum zoom level the label will be visible on the map.                                                                                                                                       |
| visible       | boolean | Controls the overall visibility of the POI on the map. If false both the label and icon will not be displayed.                                                                                     |
| zoomFrom      | number  | The minimum zoom level the image/icon will be visible on the map.                                                                                                                                  |
| zoomTo        | number  | The maximum zoom level the image/icon will be visible on the map.                                                                                                                                  |

This enables you to do things like changing an icon at a specific zoom level.

> It is also possible to highlight POIs when a user clicks on it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

It is also possible to highlight POIs when a user clicks on it.
```

---
title: Introduction to Display Rules.
parent: guides
nav_weight: 300
published: true
date: 2019-11-04
---

## Overview

In this guide you will be introduced to the concept of Display Rules and learn how you can use Display Rules to change how POIs are displayed on the map.

> 

Reviewer 3: I like the wording from the iOS section that tries to describe what a display rule is: "A Display Rule encapsulates both what, how and when a Location should be displayed on the map." (except we use POI instead of Location).

Author: Has been merged with https://github.com/MapsIndoors/mapsindoors.github.io/pull/155/files

It is possible to apply Display Rules to a single POI using its ID, or to all POIs of a specific Location Type such as 'Meeting Rooms'.

The MapsIndoors CMS is used to control the default appearance of types and POIs. To change the default appearance at runtime you can use Display Rules.

> It is possible to control different aspects of the appearance. For example at what zoom levels labels and icons should be visible.

Author: ```suggestion
It is possible to control different aspects of the appearance. For example at what zoom levels Labels and Icons should be visible.
```

> It is possible to control different aspects of the appearance. For example at what zoom levels Labels and Icons should be visible.

Reviewer 3: Here we could add more use case examples. Do we know of common display rule usages from some of our customers?

Author: Has been merged with https://github.com/MapsIndoors/mapsindoors.github.io/pull/155/

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Display Rule hierarchy
```

Display Rules are applied to a POI in a hierarchy  
A DisplayRule defined for a **type** in the CMS is overridden by:  
A DisplayRule defined for a **type** at runtime is overridden by:  
A DisplayRule defined for a **POI** in the CMS is overridden by:  
A DisplayRule defined for a **POI** at runtime.

> It is only properties with a value that will override the prevoius value. If the value is undefined the prevoius value will be used.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is only properties with a value that will override the previous value. If the value is undefined the previous value will be used.  
```

To remove a value from the DisplayRule set the proptery to `null`.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Display Rule properties
```

A Display Rule could look like this:

```javascript
{
  displayRule = {
    icon: "https://app.mapsindoors.com/mapsindoors/cms/assets/icons/building-icons/cafe.png",
    iconVisible: true,
    imageScale: 1,
    imageSize: { width: 24, height: 24 },
    label: "{{ "{{ name " }}}}",
    labelVisible: true,
    labelZoomFrom: 15 ,
    labelZoomTo: 21,
    visible: true,
    zoomFrom: 17,
    zoomTo: 21,
}
```

> All properties are optional and will only be applied if a value.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All properties are optional.
```

| ------------- | ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| icon          | string  | A URL to an image to represent the POI on the map.                                                                                                                                                 |
| iconVisible   | boolean | Controls the visibility of the icon.                                                                                                                                                               |
| imageScale    | number  |                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| imageSize     | Size    | Specifies the size that the image will appear on the map. `{{ "{width: number, height: number" }}}`                                                                                                |

> | label         | string  | Descriptive text for the POI. This can either be a static text or a dynamic text, retrieved from a property on the POI. E.g. `"{{ "{{ name " }}}}"` or a combination `"Room: {{ "{{ name " }}}}"`. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| label         | string  | Descriptive text for the POI. This can either be a static text or a dynamic text, retrieved from a property on the POI, using double curly braces as delimiters. E.g. `"{{ "{{ name " }}}}"` or a combination `"Room: {{ "{{ name " }}}}"`.  |
```

| labelZoomTo   | number  | The maximum zoom level the label will be visible on the map.                                                                                                                                       |
| visible       | boolean | Controls the overall visibility of the POI on the map. If false both the label and icon will not be displayed.                                                                                     |
| zoomFrom      | number  | The minimum zoom level the image/icon will be visible on the map.                                                                                                                                  |
| zoomTo        | number  | The maximum zoom level the image/icon will be visible on the map.                                                                                                                                  |

This enables you to do things like changing an icon at a specific zoom level.

> It is also possible to highlight POIs when a user clicks on it.

Reviewer 3: A full example of that would be nice.

> 

Reviewer 3: I suggest a heading here, something like "How to set Display Rules using the JavaScript SDK"

Reviewer 3: And an explanation of what `mi` refers to.
